I talked to uh um who broke the W path
fall shellenberger shellenberger I
talked to him about this when he broke
the W paath files and he had said he had
watched my conversation with Abigail shy
um when I came I was ill for a while and
when I came back and hit my podcast to
get hard the first podcast I did with
was with Abigail Trier who wrote
irreversible damage and uh I was very
nervous about doing the podcast because
at that point it was your reputation was
on the line if you objected to the
transgender surgery crowd and so we
walked through a book which is and I
looked into the surgical procedures
which are like they're brutal and and
experimental beyond belief and that's
what I wanted to point out is you know
shenberger talked to me about that
because he watched
that podcast and you know and
shellenberger is a pretty brave
journalist and his basic response was
something like this is so awful there's
it must be exaggerated there's no way it
can be happening and it took him
basically two years to wrap his head
around the fact that no this was
happening that major the major medical
establishment American Medical
Association American Psychological
Association were not only on board with
this but promoting it and persecuting
people who objected to it you know and
it's it's really
something it's really something that's
actually as you're as you also alluded
to to it's really incomprehensible it's
so terrible it's no wonder people don't
believe it right it's it's no wonder
that people are turning a blind eye to
it because it's very but it also makes
me think you
know that must have been what was
happening in Nazi Germany when when
rumors of
the rumors of the persecution of the
Jews and their Demolition and all the
other people the Nazis went after
started to circulate and people weren't
nearly as connected then as they are now
they it was going to be much more easy
for them to turn to BL die to things
they couldn't possibly believe were
happening well we're in that situation
now it's so sickening it just I just
can't
believe that it's happening and I can't
believe that it's happening while people
are
proclaiming that that's the moral
pathway it's like what the hell okay so
fine so
fine you saw something was happening in
2015 you had a good career in Hollywood
you decided that you're going to move to
Tennessee to now nille which Nashville
two thumbs up for Nashville it's a great
place and uh you've done that and then
okay so let's get the timeline going
here and so you
started the was the activism the the
more conservative level public activism
did that initiate on your part with the
transgender issue and then move from
there well i' had been outspoken about
education and mandates and things like
that around Co but it's one of those
Central issues where actually I was
going to say this people should know you
and I didn't plan to talk about the
transgender issue honestly but it's it
it's actually important because I have
noticed this issue more than any other
[Applause]
issue that issue has been what has
activated more people especially in
spheres of influence that have never
involved themselves for very practical
business-oriented reasons into this
sphere and to say I am going to fight
and put it all on the line because this
is a line that means so many other
things you know what they've done to
Children tells you everything about what
they're willing to do in every other
sense that's a truth that me I'd say the
most intelligent people I know have all
figured out this line means a thousand
other things and they're all supremely
evil and that's why you're seeing so
many prominent people that you would
have never expected stand up speak up
put their money and their time into the
fight like Elon Musk you know I mean if
you had told me years ago Elon Musk is
going to come out and support your movie
and and promote it you know and it's
going to end up getting almost 60
million views largely as a byproduct of
him and Donald Trump Jr promoting it um
I would have said you're crazy because I
I'm very practical and I and pragmatic
and I recognize as somebody who owns all
these incredible businesses even if he
does agree with me that's a very
dangerous position for him to take with
the government contracts and things like
that that he has to deal with so you
have to ask yourself why would somebody
like that be willing to risk everything
that they've achieved and it's very
simple this line marks an evil that will
beset not just our nation but the world
for the next generation and the
generation after it and you're going to
have to get to the darkest of places for
a small group of people to rise up and
do whatever is necessary to bring back
some semblance of sanity and Liberty I
don't want us to get there and that's
the thing that some people would say
like oh well you're a fascist you're a
radical or whatever it may be what I
think is actually fascist is what's
going on now where you've got these
people in these institutions who believe
it is fundamentally their right to shove
their ideology down everybody else's
throat that's what's happening in
Corporate America that's what's
happening in education it's happening
all over the place that's what I find
fundamentally to be wrong but it has a
cascading effect that will continue on
and will destroy the lives of our kids
and grandkids and so I think it's
important people recog that about that
transgender issue when it comes to kids
it is something that means so many other
things well we we can elaborate on that
briefly I mean in
2016 when
I released I released a couple of videos
that caused a major Kur fuffle that
really hasn't died down around me since
and the videos were essentially
objecting to the government of Justin
Trudeau deciding that it was okay to put
words in people's mouths including mine
with regards to the transgender issue
and I felt two things at that point I
thought okay well you've jumped out of
your baileywick there buddy because you
don't get to there was never legislation
in any Western Country ever that
compelled speech among private citizens
ever so there were certain types of of
commercial speech that were regulated
but for commercial reasons and so then I
thought too well now we have this idea
that we can mess with the fundamental
category of sex um and make that a
social construction
and and I thought well that's the most
fundamental perceptual category I think
sex it's more fundamental than black and
white up and down night and day like
male and female if you don't get that
right you don't reproduce and so that
disappeared 650 million years ago like
the sex sexual differentiation is
hardwired at the most fundamental level
and what that means is that if you
[Applause]
I warned the Canadian Senate about this
in 2016 I said if you start to confuse
young people about sex you will produce
an epidemic among young women like a
contagious epidemic because I knew the
literature on contagious psychological
epidemics it goes back 300 years and
it's always young women it's likely
because they hit puberty earlier than
young men and so have to contend with
the brute force of of biological
transformation when they're still
relatively immature comparatively
speaking and so for whatever reason
they're more susceptible to
psychological epidemics and so you know
you have you have two things going on
you enforce the lie that men can be
women you and so you prime people for
the lie and then you confuse the most
vulnerable people and tilt them into
like an irrecoverable pathology and then
it got even worse cuz I didn't think at
that time that we would have an epidemic
of surgery like you know I have an
imagination for evil but I got to say it
didn't extend that far because it seems
absurd well well it is AB it is it's
it's it's the it's the ultimate and evil
clown y like it's the worst thing that
you can imagine it's got this horrible
element of satirical
black the blackest of satirical comedy
you know and and you can see that in the
transgender movement on the political
side you know in in all sorts of other
ways because
[Applause]
the and so it's got that dark Edge to it
and you know when that was a fringe
thing for
theaters well
it wasn't disrupting all of the world
but when it moves to the center whenever
The Fringe moves to the center all hell
breaks loose
[Music]